# Project 0: Getting Real

## Preliminaries

>Fill in your name and email address.

FirstName LastName <email@domain.example>

>If you have any preliminary comments on your submission, notes for the TAs, please give them here.



>Please cite any offline or online sources you consulted while preparing your submission, other than the Pintos documentation, course text, lecture notes, and course staff.



## Booting Pintos

>A1: Put the screenshot of Pintos running example here.



## Debugging

#### QUESTIONS: BIOS 

>B1: What is the first instruction that gets executed?



>B2: At which physical address is this instruction located?



>B3: Can you guess why the first instruction is like this?



>B4: What are the next three instructions?



#### QUESTIONS: BOOTLOADER

>B5: How does the bootloader read disk sectors? In particular, what BIOS interrupt is used?



>B6: How does the bootloader decides whether it successfully finds the Pintos kernel?



>B7: What happens when the bootloader could not find the Pintos kernel?



>B8: At what point and how exactly does the bootloader transfer control to the Pintos kernel?



#### QUESTIONS: KERNEL

>B9: At the entry of pintos_init(), what is the value of expression `init_page_dir[pd_no(ptov(0))]` in hexadecimal format?



>B10: When `palloc_get_page()` is called for the first time,

>> B10.1 what does the call stack look like?
>>
>> 

>> B10.2 what is the return value in hexadecimal format?
>>
>> 

>> B10.3 what is the value of expression `init_page_dir[pd_no(ptov(0))]` in hexadecimal format?
>>
>> 



>B11: When palloc_get_page() is called for the third time,

>> B11.1 what does the call stack look like?
>>
>> 

>> B11.2 what is the return value in hexadecimal format?
>>
>> 

>> B11.3 what is the value of expression `init_page_dir[pd_no(ptov(0))]` in hexadecimal format?
>>
>> 



## Kernel Monitor

>C1: Put the screenshot of your kernel monitor running example here. (It should show how your kernel shell respond to `whoami`, `exit`, and `other input`.)

#### 

>C2: Explain how you read and write to the console for the kernel monitor.
